I see.
You said that on purpose because you were afraid of my embarrassment.
To be honest, I'm really not afraid of the Su family
I will not allow my woman to become a victim
Touched to death
What woman can resist such an attack?
Yan Ruoxue, you will soon fall
In my love trap
What nonsense are you talking about?
Cher, don't be afraid
I will save you from the Su family's marriage
Then marry you
Isn't it your birthday the day after tomorrow?
I will pack the top floor of the Oriental Pearl to celebrate your birthday.
And buy the Heart of the Ocean for you.
Express my love for you
Let's not talk about whether you need to save me or not
Just say the Oriental Pearl
It was built by the big shots in Kyoto
The view from the top floor is the best
You can overlook the entire police force
It's not open to the public.
Even if you have money and power, you can't get it back
And the heart of the ocean
The whole world is just like that
priceless
Why are you a poor boy?
You brat, don't die here
Hurry up or don't believe me
How about this?
Cher, let's open